README.md, before:

# Stock Management System

A modern stock management system built with Django and React, designed for efficient inventory control and supplier management.

## Features

- Stock inventory management
- Product management
- Supplier management
- Order tracking
- Real-time stock updates
- User authentication and authorization
- Reporting and analytics

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Django with Django REST Framework
- **Frontend**: React with TypeScript
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **Cache & Message Broker**: Redis
- **Task Queue**: Celery
- **Containerization**: Docker

## Project Structure

```
.
├── backend/                 # Django backend
│   ├── stock_app/          # Main application
│   │   ├── models/         # Database models
│   │   ├── serializers/    # API serializers
│   │   ├── views/          # API views
│   │   └── tests/          # Unit tests
│   └── stock_management/   # Project settings
├── frontend/               # React frontend
│   └── src/
│       ├── components/     # Reusable components
│       ├── pages/         # Page components
│       ├── store/         # Redux store
│       ├── services/      # API services
│       └── types/         # TypeScript types
├── docker/                # Docker configurations
│   ├── backend/          # Backend Docker setup
│   ├── frontend/         # Frontend Docker setup
│   └── nginx/            # Nginx configuration
├── database/             # Database initialization
└── docs/                 # Documentation
    ├── api/             # API documentation
    ├── deployment/      # Deployment guides
    └── development/     # Development guides
```

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Docker Compose
- Git

## Quick Start

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd stock-management
   ```

2. Run the setup script:
   ```bash
   ./setup.sh
   ```

3. Start the application:
   ```bash
   docker-compose up
   ```

4. Access the application:
   - Frontend: http://localhost:3000
   - Backend API: http://localhost:8000/api
   - Admin Interface: http://localhost:8000/admin

## Development

### Running Tests

```bash
# Run all tests
./run-tests.sh

# Run specific tests
./run-tests.sh backend
./run-tests.sh frontend
```

### Environment Variables

Copy the example environment file:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Key environment variables:
- `DJANGO_SECRET_KEY`: Django secret key
- `DJANGO_DEBUG`: Debug mode
- `DB_NAME`: Database name
- `DB_USER`: Database user
- `DB_PASSWORD`: Database password
- `REDIS_URL`: Redis connection URL

## API Documentation

API documentation is available at:
- Swagger UI: http://localhost:8000/api/swagger/
- ReDoc: http://localhost:8000/api/redoc/

Detailed API documentation can be found in [docs/api/README.md](docs/api/README.md).

## Deployment

Deployment guides are available in [docs/deployment/README.md](docs/deployment/README.md).

## Development Guide

Development guidelines and best practices can be found in [docs/development/README.md](docs/development/README.md).

## Docker Services

- **backend**: Django application
- **frontend**: React application
- **db**: PostgreSQL database
- **redis**: Redis cache and message broker
- **celery**: Celery worker for async tasks
- **nginx**: Production web server

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md to reflect proprietary license

README.md, after:

# Stock Management System

A modern stock management system built with Django and React, designed for efficient inventory control and supplier management.

## Features

- Stock inventory management
- Product management
- Supplier management
- Order tracking
- Real-time stock updates
- User authentication and authorization
- Reporting and analytics

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Django with Django REST Framework
- **Frontend**: React with TypeScript
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **Cache & Message Broker**: Redis
- **Task Queue**: Celery
- **Containerization**: Docker

## Project Structure

```
.
├── backend/                 # Django backend
│   ├── stock_app/          # Main application
│   │   ├── models/         # Database models
│   │   ├── serializers/    # API serializers
│   │   ├── views/          # API views
│   │   └── tests/          # Unit tests
│   └── stock_management/   # Project settings
├── frontend/               # React frontend
│   └── src/
│       ├── components/     # Reusable components
│       ├── pages/         # Page components
│       ├── store/         # Redux store
│       ├── services/      # API services
│       └── types/         # TypeScript types
├── docker/                # Docker configurations
│   ├── backend/          # Backend Docker setup
│   ├── frontend/         # Frontend Docker setup
│   └── nginx/            # Nginx configuration
├── database/             # Database initialization
└── docs/                 # Documentation
    ├── api/             # API documentation
    ├── deployment/      # Deployment guides
    └── development/     # Development guides
```

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Docker Compose
- Git

## Quick Start

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd stock-management
   ```

2. Run the setup script:
   ```bash
   ./setup.sh
   ```

3. Start the application:
   ```bash
   docker-compose up
   ```

4. Access the application:
   - Frontend: http://localhost:3000
   - Backend API: http://localhost:8000/api
   - Admin Interface: http://localhost:8000/admin

## Development

### Running Tests

```bash
# Run all tests
./run-tests.sh

# Run specific tests
./run-tests.sh backend
./run-tests.sh frontend
```

### Environment Variables

Copy the example environment file:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Key environment variables:
- `DJANGO_SECRET_KEY`: Django secret key
- `DJANGO_DEBUG`: Debug mode
- `DB_NAME`: Database name
- `DB_USER`: Database user
- `DB_PASSWORD`: Database password
- `REDIS_URL`: Redis connection URL

## API Documentation

API documentation is available at:
- Swagger UI: http://localhost:8000/api/swagger/
- ReDoc: http://localhost:8000/api/redoc/

Detailed API documentation can be found in [docs/api/README.md](docs/api/README.md).

## Deployment

Deployment guides are available in [docs/deployment/README.md](docs/deployment/README.md).

## Development Guide

Development guidelines and best practices can be found in [docs/development/README.md](docs/development/README.md).

## Docker Services

- **backend**: Django application
- **frontend**: React application
- **db**: PostgreSQL database
- **redis**: Redis cache and message broker
- **celery**: Celery worker for async tasks
- **nginx**: Production web server

## License

PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL

This software is proprietary and confidential. All rights reserved.
No part of this software may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form without prior written permission.

Copyright (c) 2024. All rights reserved.
